All right.
In the last section, we have completed the input part of the feed component.
In this section, we're going to start creating the post section of this feed component if you look
at the final version of the project.
Let me zoom this a little bit.
We want to create this UI, but with some dummy data.
We create an array of two objects and we're going to create some fake data for two posts, and we're
going to use these data to create our post.
But later, when we finished finished creating the UI part, we can start using the real data from Firebase
and fill this post.
But for now we just use the dummy data.
So we go back to Visual Studio code.
And uh, we open the our localhost 3000 on the right side.
Inside the feed 30 years.
So after the input we going to create the post data.
But first we're going to create the dummy dataset, as I mentioned.
So we create a constant and we call it hosts.
And this is going to be equal an array and inside the array.
They have an object.
So the first element is an I.D. and we just said it to be a one.
Then we have the name.
I just put my name.
But you can use your own name.
Then we have username.
I just write.
Don't forget to add this comma.
I add my.
Uh, Twitter user name code with a hand.
Then we have that user image.
So I can use the same image I used before.
Uh, which is this one?
I can copy the image address and paste it here.
After that we have the post image.
The Post image we can find from some websites like unsplash.
Com.
So I search Unsplash.
So in the search results we click on unsplash.com.
Here.
We search for some photos.
For example, I search for nature and we can't get any.
Pictures.
And this is fine.
We just click on it and right click and click on copy image address.
Then we paste the link here.
After the image.
We have two more things.
First is the text of the tweet, which is, for example, I say nice.
View.
Then finally, we have the time stamp.
Later, we're going to get it dynamically from.
Firebase timestamps function.
But now we just write, for example, to.
Our psycho.
Okay.
So this is the first post.
Let's make another one.
So add a comma here and copy this one time using all shift arrow.
Done.
Just change this idea to the name and the user name and the user image can be similar.
But for the image we choose another image.
Anything like this.
We click on it and copy image address.
So we changed the second image.
Right.
The texts we just say.
For example.
Wow.
And the time stamps.
This farm, for example, two days ago, is that it's not important.
These things that were just making some spectators.
No, we're going to use this data and create the post.
So we close this unsplash.com web site and here.
We can create another component, as we call it, and just here.
We call it Post Dot J.S. and we can use RF C to create a react functional component.
And we don't need this import, as I mentioned before, because we are using next use.
All right.
So inside the yes, we're going to loop through these two posts.
After this image inputs.
So we looked through it using map function.
And.
We can get each post here.
And we can return.
Directly return.
That posts.
Component that we have created.
You just need to import the POS.
So we use controls space to get the auto suggests.
All right, now we can pass the data.
This one should be posts actually.
So we get the each post here and the key can be.
Because we need a key for map function.
So the posted I.D. can be a key because it's unique.
Then we we can pass all the posts and we get it inside.
So we pass this as a prop.
And inside post Sturgis.
We can get it here as a prop.
But we can structure it.
Just now and we get the post.
So here.
We can just get the post.
That idea so we can see it.
Yeah.
So we got one and two.
I don't know what this post is, so let me check.
So inside of it that.
Yes.
That's fine.
Let me refresh the page.
Yeah.
That was the catch from the last one.
So we got the one to the Ides.
So we are getting both of their posts.
So let's let me show you how we are going to create this post.
So let me draw it for you.
So this is the diff that we have.
Everything inside it.
This is the diff.
Then we have.
One, the fear that is covering the image or we just can use the image tag.
Then we have another div on the right side.
All right.
Here at a top.
We have a diff that is covering this.
And coat with a hand.
Sorry, Sam, I deleted the username.
The time stamp.
And also we have this logo.
So this is one div, but inside it has another div.
So this is a div.
Two.
And this is a Dave.
And then we have this caption.
Or text.
Here.
Then we have the image and finally we have another.
They have that is covering all the icons.
So this is the way we have to create.
So I'm going to break down this.
So it's very confusing because a lot of ifs inside each other, because if you make one mistake, you
cannot a style.
It's easily.
So let me break down this inside Visual Studio code.
So inside posts.
Let me.
Delete this.
So this this this is the diff that is covering everything.
The yellow.
The yellow one I created.
Then we have the image.
So we have the image here.
And here we have the right side.
Okay.
So the right side is at this.
Then inside the right side, we have one day at a time.
For.
At the header.
So we have the header.
Which has the there and this div includes one div here.
And this is the outcome.
So.
Here we have the.
For example, user info we can say.
Or post user info after which is a diff.
And after that we have the this icon.
So we have the icon here that that icon.
Okay.
So after this div, that is a header.
We have the techs, the post techs.
After this, we have the image.
The Post image.
So the first one was the user image.
And after the post image, we have to add the icons here.
Which includes at Def.
All right, now we have everything.
We can fill them up easily.
So that is the way I recommend when you want to create something first you make the break down the know
what we thought you were going to do, so you can do it.
And so and then everything will be similar for everything because you're using the component base and
it's creating.
Okay.
So let's start with the user image.
For the user image, we just can.
Let me keep it on the right side.
We can use a I am g tag and the source would be similar because I'm using uh, sorry, because we brought
the post here so it would be post dot user.
I am g.
Okay.
They're getting two because it's two toss.
There are two top posts inside and we are getting from the dummy data from here.
The alternative is the user image.
Then on the right side for the header.
We have the.
The Post.
Uh.
User info.
So first we.
We have an itch for.
Which just getting the post that name.
Okay.
Because the names are similar as well after this age for we have an a span and their span is.
Post dot username.
Okay.
And finally after that, we have.
That, uh, timestamp so we can get the post date time stamp.
Which is 2 hours ago.
Okay.
So we have everything here.
After that, we have the icon, which is dot.
All rise an icon from you icons.
Here we getting this suggestion.
So we click on the auto suggestion and we go into auto imported from here.
Icons for a slash react or slash auto.
We should see now the.
And there are, too, because it's very big.
Let me decrease the size.
Real quick.
We just said the height to be, for example, a ten.
So now we go to the next part, which is post techs.
And this is going to be.
A paragraph and.
This is post dot.
Text.
We can see now.
Nice for you.
And the second one is for you.
Wow.
Post image.
That is an IMG tag and sources.
Post Dot.
Image.
Or I think I used EMG check.
So I feel that.
Yes.
Yeah, I am.
So we just changed this one to I.A..
We should see the images as well.
For the icons.
Well, we're going to use.
Five icons.
So the first icon is chat icon.
So it's going to be chat.
Icon.
From online the imported.
Yeah, we can see it.
Let's small.
Make it small as well.
So this one, I just hit the height to be nine.
All right.
So we need to copy this a few times.
Five times.
And the second icon is trash icon.
It's important to.
The third one is.
Uh, my heart icon.
You can see here chat, icon, trash and hard.
Next one is Cher icon.
This one.
And the last one is chart for icon.
Okay.
Now we got all the icons.
And, uh, everything's done.
We just need to style our, uh.
Post section.
So let's start with the image.
With the user image.
So we add a class name here.
Let's make make it smaller first by just saying the height to be 11.
And we sit there with the B 11 as well.
And we make it rounded.
I guess I would say again, because my picture is around, I don't need to make around it.
But the picture we are getting later from Google is actually is is square.
So we need to make it rounder.
And let's install this part of.
Let's make.
Bring everything next to each other.
As I mentioned, we have a div that is covering the image and the rest of us the rest.
So in this the main div at the top.
We changed the display to flex.
So everything comes next to each other.
The images in the left, the everything else is on the right side.
And, uh, let's add some padding.
So we make a.
Padding of three.
They push everything to inside.
We added cursors to B pointer because every every where in the post I want to see a pointing hat because
later when we click on the posts, we, we're going to be redirected to a new page.
So we need to have a cursor pointer.
Now let's add a border bottom.
Here.
You can see the border.
Now let's change the color of the border.
To be grey.
200, as we did for the previous things.
So for consistency, we do that.
Let's add some margin to the right stuff, the right side of the image.
So the image here, the ad in margin.
Right.
For.
That's fine.
Let's just start installing this part.
So we bring everything next to each other, and we put this icon here.
And also we want this icon to be similar to this for same effects.
Background blue.
And the darker blue color as well.
Uh.
So let's first create the icon.
So we want we are going to use this same.
Uh, hover effect class that we have created before.
So we're going to use this same one.
So now it has a hover of fact, but let's add their width to be ten to.
So it becomes like a circle and.
We have when we hover over it, I want the color to be blue and not I care now, which is gray.
So the background color.
I want it to be a sky which is very similar to blue.
Like this and also the color of these dots.
I want it to be blue as well.
So when we hover over it, I want the text color to be a sky.
But this one 500.
Like this.
And also, let's add some padding.
So we push it a little bit inside like this.
This is the one we are looking for.
All right.
So let's bring these three next to each other.
Which is these three?
So we a flex here.
Like this.
But they are just connected to each other.
So we can add a.
Space X.
Just one is enough.
I think.
And, uh.
Let's make this one both.
So.
So this edge for.
So I want the text to be pulled.
And the text size.
I want it to be 515 pixels.
But when we.
This is for mobile size, but when we have a bigger screen than mobile.
So after it's M and prefix break point fix fix, we change the text size to be 16 pixels.
And then when we hover over it, I want to see it underline.
So we can just add hover effects.
Sue the class.
And we just say underline.
Like this.
So let's bring everything.
And so let's install this code with the hand.
Actually for username.
We need to edit ampersand here like this.
And after that we need as.
Okay.
Dash line.
So let's continue with the username.
So we install the username and let's make the text to be a small but in the mobile size and above.
I want to.
To change.
Make it.
15 pixels.
Okay.
And for the.
Timestamp.
Let's make this one.
Uh, Texas, small as well.
And above and mobile size.
Let's make the ticks to be 15 pixels.
Okay.
And, uh, I want this one to have a underline, too, when we hover over it.
So just say, hover on the line.
Like this.
So everything looks fine.
The problem is when if someone has a very small screen, they see that they go to the two lines so we
can prevent this.
Just here, we can add, uh, white space.
No rap.
Which prevents going to the second.
Like this.
Hey.
So this is fine now.
So let's bring this, uh, icon to the here, to the right side.
We can simply do this one.
Uh, this is the diff here.
Until here.
Then we have to authorize an icon.
This is the diff that is covering both of them.
So we can add a flex here.
So they go next to each other.
We can bring them everything to the center using item center.
Then we can bring this one on the right side by just to justify between.
Like this.
Then this one, too.
Uh, they are not in the same line.
So we can add the item center here as well.
The data that is coming out of.
Okay.
This one looks fine.
So let's solve this.
Uh.
Hey X.
Uh, the text is here.
The post techs.
We add a classic name, we change the colour of the text to be a gray.
Let's make it like great.
800.
It make the text to be 15 pixels.
And in the bigger size, they make it to be 16 pixels, which is the base one.
Okay.
And then we add some margin at a bottom of two.
So pushed that on a little bit down.
I think that's fine for this.
For now, let's just tell the image.
You can see that everything we are applying is going to be applied at the bottom too, for the image.
We just, uh, make it around it a little bit.
So we just add a class name and we make it rounded.
To excel.
And we add some margin right off to sorry a little bit.
Bring it in to the left side.
So that's it for this part.
Let's just call this icons.
Let's bring them next to each other by just adding the flex display to flex and we will make them separate
it until here by just saying just fight between.
And we changed their color to be gray 500 and we add some padding.
Off to to push them inside.
So that's the same as we did for this icon.
We're going to do it for here.
So I add a.
Cursor for all of their.
We're going to.
Set the width to be nine as well.
And we add the hover effect that we created before that class.
You should see a little bit of change.
Then we add a padding of two.
So pushed him a little bit inside.
And when we hover over it, we want to change the text color.
I mean, the color of the icon to be.
Uh, for some of them, I want to make it blue.
Some of them read like the thrash icon and heart icon.
So we just make it blue first as a default.
Like this.
And also when we hover over it, I want the background to be a sky.
100.
So.
So this is fine.
We just for the two icons we have like trash in heart we changed the.
A sky to be red.
So here.
And this one, this one.
This one would be red.
There's some red.
At this.
But the read I want to read to be 600 a little bit.
Different.
This one, too, and the background would be.
Read 100.
Like this.
You can see it here, too.
Okay.
Let's make it bigger so we can see it in a bigger size.
As you can see, everything is nice.
Okay.
That was it for the post section we have created.
Let's add everything to the gear top now.
So we use kids at all.
And we can you.
We used to go get commands.
To add a message.
And the message would be.
And.
The Post's section of the FT.
Components.
And we can push everything to get her by using get push.
So let's review what we have done.
We can refresh the page by clicking on this Twitter.
Now we have six commits in our repository and if we click on it, we go to the and the last one is at
the post section of the feed components.
We just inside the fetus, we added at dummy data for two posts.
Then we looked through it using the map method and we got each post and we passed.
Pass it as a props.
To a component that we have created here, this one.
The post that.
Yes, we created that one and.
So we added the image on the right side.
We added the header.
The icons and etc. on the image and we have started using terms.
Use this in the next section we are going to start creating.
This.
Uh.
Search bar.
And if it's not too long, we can create this what's happening section as well.
So we're going to create this is start to create this widgets section.
So see in the next section.